---
layout: post
title: Talisk
date: 2019-10-27T17:46:45.215Z
---
### Can't wait!

I'm super excited for the 13th and the 18th of November! You know why?

I'll be going to two Talisk gigs in London and Cambridge respectively. Talisk are my favourite band, and I've seen them so many times I'm struggling to count!

They started off their UK tour a few days ago and they're travelling all through the country this month. They posted on their Instagram (@taliskmusic) a few days ago about their new merchandise, and I can't wait to buy all of it! They've got new t-shirts, a jumper, and lots of stickers.

When I go to see them in London I'm going with Dad, and when I go to see them in Cambridge I'm taking Holly.

Expect a detailed review of each concert, and lots of photos!

### In other news...

So, I'm in Year 10 which means that I'm a GCSE student. Honestly, not the best experience of my life. All the teachers expect you to know stuff and actually have a clue about the subjects you chose - mad right?!?

I think my favourite subject at the moment is Drama, It's the only lesson I look forward to having and it's pretty fun! We're doing lots of theory work at the moment, but apparently a lot of the GCSE is on the theory so it's probably a good idea that we get it out of the way now. We just finished a unit of work on A Dolls House by Henrik Ibsen, and part of that unit was having to watch the film in our own time. I can safely say that it's one of the most awful and boring plays I've ever looked at, and I hope that I never have to deal with it ever again!

I'm sad to say that my least favourite subject is Computer Science. I really dislike the teacher and although he allows me to drink coffee in lesson, that's really the only good thing about him. I often wonder if he ever actually qualified to teach in the first place!

peace xo
