---
layout: post
title: Somme Trip 2019
date: 2019-09-27T17:56:06.767Z
---
## France was pretty epic!

The day started at 3.30am on Friday 13th September 2019. I hate early starts, and I even though I was really looking forward to the day ahead I was dreading getting out of bed. Despite this I necked a coffee and got ready. Mum had already packed me a massive bag full of food the day before, and all I had to do was get down the road to school (I was staying with my grandparents that night).

I got to school at around 4.15am and found everyone else who was waiting around - a few teachers were standing around keeping everyone in one place and once I'd had my passport checked the register got going. 80 kids were going to the Somme in total, and there were going to be two coaches.

Luckily I was on a coach with some friends and we got to sit together. Most of this post will be talking about the coach trip because honestly, there was a lot of driving.

I'd had a coffee before I left the house for school - Coffee Counter: 1.

We left school and started to make our way to the Eurostar. In my bag of goodies, Mum had packed two cans of double shot espressos to keep me going during the day, because there wasn't going to be much sleeping on the coach; everyone was just too excited! I drank my first can. Coffee Counter: 2.

The Eurostar departed at 7:30am, and we made good time without having to stop in traffic in England. On the Eurostar we were given a whole other carriage to stretch our legs in, and have a chat with others on the way to France.

Upon arrival in France, one of my highlights was receiving the anticipated "Welcome to France!" text from EE, my phone provider. I really wanted to find out if I was going to be able to use my data whilst in France, and I had to wait the longest out of all the people near me to receive the text - but good news! I could use all my minutes, texts and data in France; no problem staying connected with the rest of the world!

We stopped pretty soon after getting into France at a service station on our way to the Somme. We had about half an hour to ourselves so we all just stood around chatting and getting in the way of everyone else at the services. Two of my friends bought coffees from the French Starbucks, and neither had a clue what was in their coffee but one hated theirs. At first the person with the other coffee took theirs and so had two massive iced coffees. But no worry - I took one off their hands. When I started drinking it one of the teachers
