---
layout: post
title: 16/02/2020
date: 2020-02-16T18:32:34.294Z
---
I remembered to do another blog post! I actually have stuff to talk about this time, which is absolutely great.

Yesterday evening, I purchased a notebook from Amazon, upon a recommendation from one of my friends. It's a [Leuchtturm1917 notebook](https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B0095FFUM4), and it's very nice. When I was telling Mum about my purchase, she mentioned the [Bullet Journal](https://bulletjournal.com/) - and I had a bit of a Google to find out more.

I'll be honest; when I was first reading about it, I thought it was all a little bit stupid and over-the-top just for taking notes. Despite this, I kept reading and started to think that maybe it wasn't such a bad idea after all. It's a clean way to organise tasks, notes and events (both past and future). The friend who suggested this notebook to me was telling me about how the specification for a Bullet Journal listed on their website is more of a framework and allows for users to build upon it in their own ways, taking features that they might consider helpful.

I've decided that I'm going to try stick to using this format, and it should (if effective) help me to remember all the little things that I need to do - including post to this blog! You never know, I might actually be able to pass this DofE thing!

What else happened today? I visited my grandparents for a few hours, and organised to buy a new laptop for Grandad (his is 7 years old and kinda slow) and so I'll be searching for a good laptop this evening. We had a nice chat about random stuff, and tried to figure out how to activate Grandma's Bank of Ireland card.

I also got around to emptying all the junk out of a set of drawers in my room, and now there's junk all over my room instead! 

That's about all for now. See yas!
